---
layout: default
title:  Biography
---

## Biography

<img class="photo" style="float:right;" src="image/piotr_1.jpg" /> Hi,
my name is Piotr Kacprzak. I was born 1986 in Tarnów, Poland. I
started playing drums at an early age. As soon as picked up a pair of
sticks and hit the drums built from cartons boxes, I knew straight
away that I would never put those sticks back down. I began attended
private drum lessons and music theory at the age of 14, where I learnt
how to read notes, work with a metronome as well as being introduced
to music by drummers.

At the age of 16 I started studying at *Krakow School of Jazz and
Contemporary Music*.  Where I start interesting in different styles of
music funk, fusion, jazz, rock and orchestral music. After finishing
school I decided that I wanted to continue studies with music. So I
started studying at *The State Higher School of Vocational Education*,
and graduated with a musician teacher title. After that I decided to
move to Kraków where I started studying at *Jagiellonian
University*. At this time I studied *Cultural Management*.  In the
course of studies I played in many bands and gained experience as
professional drummer, side man, solo artist. At this stage I also had
a handful of my own private drum students and the more students I had,
the more I began to love teaching just as much as playing. During all
this things I have not forgotten to practise and learn form others
drummers and participate in workshops with drummers like Aron Spears,
Benny Greb, Harry Tanschek, Atma Anur, Piotr Biskupski, Tomasz
Łosowski. And take part in jazz workshops *The International Summer
Jazz Academy*.

### Associated acts

Since then I have been working on various original projects, touring
the country with many different artists. I have played with Damian
Kurasz, Janusz Muniak, Justlanded (New York), Notorius Rat, Fat Beats,
Funk Me, BB Band Bartosz Bocheński Band, Dollars Brothers.

### Infuencers

Drummers who had the greatest influence on me are Chris Coleman, Benny
Greb, Dave Weckl, Tommy Igoe, Tony Royster Jr, Vinnie Colaiuta. I also
film and record drum covers for YouTube and this website.
